outside of Jesse Palmer I call her our
squared let's hope that this interview
will last longer than her last two
fights shall we no armbar headlock where
we come in peace okay so you're
nominated for several things tonight
best play best fighter Best Female
Athlete you are so dominant and and one
of those changers in the game you really
make it good for women's sports what did
you contribute your your fanfare - well
I don't know I just I just try to be the
best at what I do and that's the real
substance that keeps people coming it's
not all the outside things like what
you're wearing today or what magazines
you've been in or what movies are doing
it's really about the fights themselves
and because the fights themselves really
hang in there with the men that's why
everybody loves them in Ronda we're here
tonight so many of the world's greatest
athletes that oftentimes you get
referred to as the most dominant athlete
in the world what is it like when you
hear something like it's very humbling I
mean I do I don't know like I'm about to
fight it really really soon and so it's
like all my peripheral vision is all
turned off so it's like I don't absorb
anything like we had Mike Tyson visit
the gym - this morning and it was
amazing yeah like my idol but I leave to
fight on Sunday and I fight on the first
and so just like I don't absorb anything
until the second I win and then
something all that happiness rushes in
I'm so like in fight mode that I'm just
like this is awesome this is awesome but
I still have something really important
job to do and Kerri do you know that
it's a few weeks ago I actually had a
chance to find out just how dominant
Ronda Rousey is wait what exactly have
well we got into it I made a very poor
professional decision to get into an
octagon with Ronda Rousey and just find
out what kind of moves had she had I
mean you all just take a look at this
right here that's slow-motion by the way
she went like unusually easy yeah she's
kind of showing me how she puts me in an
armbar I dislocated my elbow there and I
got popped back and it took me a couple
minutes to figure out where I was after
that judo throw here's you're just
carrying me around the octa
I slipped a disc best on a seroma goshi
that you will ever seen howling jumpsuit
I'll tell you that it's right yeah all
right and obviously this is best B's and
we here to honor the best of the best
and right now is the time to honor one
Ronda Rousey let's presenter with
Russell well we love your clutch that
you brought I hope you have a lot of
room in it know that you are nominated
for three ESPYs here tonight but we want
to be the first to present you on behalf
of ESPN the SB for best fighter you beat
up Floyd Mayweather and you should have
yeah
congratulate know ladies and gentlemen
take a moment to suck that in she is and
soak that in as well you are the best
fighter Wow well I can't help but but I
really say that
I wonder how Floyd feels being beat by
woman for once well I can see it
pretending I know who I am now
whoa Ronda Rousey being so much enjoy
your night tonight I slipped a disc just